# 02. Repetitions

## Exercise 02.1: notice repeated segments

1. Go to segment #2
    
    > Source text reads: `Good`

!!! note inline end "←TODO"
    @quiz: how many reps in total? 
2. Notice how the segment marker says that this segment is repeated three more times: `<segment 0002 +3 more ¶>`. 

    
3. Look at the **Segment Properties** pane. It says "Is duplicate: FIRST"
4. Right click on the segment. See how all the instances are listed and identified by their segment number. 
5. Select segment #5 on the list to go to segment #5.
6. Look at the **Segment Properties** pane for segment #5. It says "Is duplicate: NEXT"
!!! note inline end "←TODO"
    @quiz: some question about FIRST and NEXT (feedback welcome)
7. Right click on segment #5 to see instances listed again, go back to segment #2 again.

## Exercise 02.2: auto-propagate translations

1. Translate segment #2. Suggested translation: "BonNE" 
    
    > -NE ending: feminine suffix, because "Good" here refers to "economic situation", which is feminine in French

2. Press ++enter++ after translating segment #2 to go to segment #3.
3. Notice how the translation is auto-propagated to segment #5.
4. Translate segment #3. Suggested translation: "MauvaisE"
    
    > -E ending: feminine suffix, because "Bad" here refers to "economic situation", which is feminine in French

5. Press ++enter++ after translating segment #3 to confirm the translation of segment #3 and go to the next segment.
6. Notice how the translation is auto-propagated to segment #6.

## Exercise 02.3: auto-propagate edits in translations

1. Go to segment #5 in the project. You can see that it is translated with your auto-propagated translation.
!!! tip inline end
    You can also save in **Project** > **Save**.
2. Modify the translation in segment #5 and press ++ctrl+s++ to save the translation. 
3. Notice how the translation of segment #2 also changes. 
3. Undo your changes. You may press ++ctrl+z++ for that.
4. Press ++ctrl+s++ again.

<!-- add link in the guide to the shortcuts page when we mention a shortcut -->