# Section 03: Alternative repetitions

In the previous section you have seen that translations of repeated segments auto-propagate when you create. Edits you make to the translation of a repeated segment will also auto-propagate to all intances of that repeated segment.

That is convenient in many cases, but not always. To prevent auto-propagation, you must create an alternative translation.

## Exercise 03.1

Go to segment #5 in the project. You can see that it is pretranslated with an auto-propagated translation.

    Good" and "Bad" in this context refer to "level of English" which is masculine in French.

You want to modify the translation in segments #5 and #6 to make it masculine, so that it agrees with "level" in French. 

Follow these simple three steps:

1. Go to Edit > Create Alternative Translation
    > Also available if you right-click the segment
2. Modify the translation to make it masculine
    > Just remove the last character if you don't know French
3. Press Ctrl+S to register the translation

Did you follow the steps above? If you did, now notice

* how your alternative translation appears in the Mutiple Translations pane, followed the !filename and the segment ID.
* how the Segment Properties pane says now "Is alternative: TRUE"
* how the translation of segment #2 hasn't changed

Press Enter to move to segment #6 and do the same steps as above.

info: If you want more practice, go to segment #29 ("Subject:"), which is also repeated a few times. The first occurrence refers to an email subject line, whereas the other occurrences refer to the topic or field of books in a library classification system, so each of those requires a different translation, i.e. "Objet" vs "Sujet".

