# Section 04: Tags

!!! note "NOTE FOR HELPERS"
    Four exercises for translators and reconcilers.



## Exercise 04.1: insert tags

1. Go to segment #9 (“There are no &lt;g1&gt;right&lt;/g1&gt; answers.”) <!-- segment should be untranslated -->
2. Notice the tags in the segment.
    > @quiz: what do you think these are? How to we handle them: should we ignore them or reproduce them in the translation?
3. Translate segment #9. Suggested translation: "Il n’y a pas de bonne réponse."
4. Select the corresponding translation of “right” in the translation (i.e. “bonne”).
5. Press Ctrl+Space. Notice how this opens the auto-completer.
6. Press Crtl+Space several times to cycle through all the sections. Stop when you reach the “Missing tags”.
7. Select the first option (i.e. `<g1>|</g1>`) and press Enter.
8. Notice how the tags are inserted around the selected text in the translation.


## Exercise 04.2: see what tags stand for

<!-- translation: Le traducteur a dû prêter attention au formatage tel que le gras, l'italique, le soulignement</g3>. -->
1. Go to segment #39: “The translator had to pay attention to formatting such as <g1>bold</g1>, <g2>italics</g2>, <g3>underline</g3>.”
2. Hover over the tags with your mouse to see the HTML code the tags stand for.
    > tip: `<strong>`, `<em>`, `<span class="underline">` etc.


## Exercise 04.3: insert standalone tag

    @todo

## Exercise 04.4: insert more tags

1. Still in segment #39, notice how most tags are missing in the translation.
2. Select the translation of “bold” (tip: “le gras”).
3. Press Ctrl+Space to open the "Missing tags" section in the auto-completer
4. The first line (i.e. `<g1></g1>`) is selected by default. Press Enter to insert that tag pair.
4. Notice how the tags have been inserted around the selected text (i.e. `<g1>le gras</g1>`)
5. Do the same for the translation of “italics” (tip: “l’italique”). 
5. Do the same for the translation of “underline” (tip: “le soulignement”). 

> @quiz: insert 

!!! note "NOTE FOR HELPERS"
    Two exercises for verifiers, won't be mixed with the above.



## Exercise 04.5: relocate tag

<!-- more for editors! -->

In this exercise, you'll practice how to move a tag.

1. Go to segment #30 (“<g1>Don’t Open This Email</g1>”) <!-- translation: N<g1>'ouvrez pas cet </g1>e-mail -->
    > @quiz: what do you notice?
2. Notice how the position of the first tag (tag `<g1>`) is incorrect. You will fix that.
    > @quiz: it should be at the beginning of the segment / end / in the middle
3. Double click on the tag `<g1>` to select it.
4. Now drag and drop it to the correct position.
    > tip: the paired tags should also include "N"  
    > hidden tip: shows the expected result (the solution)

> Tip for RTL languages.. @todo please use the helpdesk if you find a complicated situation

Well done!

## Exercise 04.6: relocate tag

<!-- more for editors! -->

In this exercise, you'll practice another way to move a tag to its correct position.

1. Still in segment #30 (“<g1>Don’t Open This Email</g1>”) <!-- translation is now: <g1>N'ouvrez pas cet </g1>e-mail -->
2. Notice the position of the second tag (`</g1>`) is also incorrect.
3. Double click on the tag `<g1>` to select it.
4. Press +del+ on your keyboard to delete the tag.
5. Place the cursor (e.g. just click) where you want the tag to appear instead
6. Use the auto-completer to insert the tag
    > tip: ctrl+space

> hidden tip: shows the expected result (the solution)
